OKTA-569292 Backport Authenticator Methods endpoint (#3920)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/authenticators-admin/index.md

| `type` | String (Enum) | The type of authenticator method. Possible values: `cert`, `duo`, `email`, `idp`, `otp`, `password`, `push`, `security_question`, `signed_nonce`, `sms`, `totp`, `voice`, or `webauthn`  |  All Authenticator Methods |
| `_links` | [JSON HAL](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-kelly-json-hal-06) | Link relations for this Authenticator Method object  |  All Authenticator Methods |
| `settings` | [Authenticator Method Settings object](#authenticator-method-settings-object) | Specific settings for the authenticator method  | `otp`, `push`, `signed_nonce`, `totp`, `webauthn` |

### Authenticator Method Settings object

#### Authenticator Method Settings properties

| Property | Type | Description  | Applies to Authenticator Method type |
| -------- | ---- | ------------ | ------------------------------------ |
| `algorithms` | String (Enum) | Algorithms supported. Possible values: `RS256`, `ES256`, `HMACSHA1`, `HMACSHA256`, or `HMACSHA512` | `otp`, `totp`, `push`, `signed_nonce` |
| `attachment` | String (Enum) | Method attachment. Possible values: `ANY`, `BUILT_IN`, or `ROAMING`  | `webauthn` |

> | `keyProtection` | String (Enum) | Indicates whether a hardware key store must be used for `push` and `signed_nonce` methods or if any type of key store is allowed. Supported values: `ANY` or `HARDWARE`  | `push`, `signed_nonce`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `keyProtection` | String (Enum) | Indicates whether you must use a hardware key store for `push` and `signed_nonce` methods or if any type of key store is allowed. Supported values: `ANY` or `HARDWARE`  | `push`, `signed_nonce`|
```

| `protocol` | String (Enum) | The protocol used. Possible values: `SYMANTEC`,`TOTP`, or `YUBICO` | `otp` |

> | `timeIntervalInSeconds` | Integer | Time interval for TOTP in seconds | `totp` |

Reviewer 2: Hm, OK so this is a bit weird -- apparently TOTP is deprecated per https://github.com/okta/okta-core/blob/209a962ebc728cfb93bbea903430045c26a102d8/components/core/factors/model/src/main/java/com/okta/services/factors/iface/types/AuthenticationMethodType.java#L48-L53.

For Custom OTP factor, the AuthenticationMethodType is OTP, for example (per https://github.com/okta/okta-core/blob/209a962ebc728cfb93bbea903430045c26a102d8/components/core/factors/model/src/main/java/com/okta/services/factors/iface/types/AuthenticationMethodType.java#L58 and https://github.com/okta/okta-core/blob/209a962ebc728cfb93bbea903430045c26a102d8/components/web/factors/api/src/main/java/com/okta/services/factors/iface/dto/AuthenticatorCatalog.java#L50.

However, its method settings are of type TotpMethodSettings, because it's indeed time-based. I'm not 100% sure what this doc is going for, but it could be the case that, if we're talking about AuthenticatorMethodType, that there shouldn't be TOTP here but only OTP.

Reviewer 3: TOTP is the method for okta_verify

It was created before we made the more general OTP method

@mpeng-okta But there is a TotpMethodSettings.java used by TotpMethodConfig

Reviewer 2: We synced on slack and I get it now, yup.

So it looks like both OTP method config's settings and TOTP method config's settings support:
- timeIntervalInSeconds
- encoding
- algorithm
- passCodeLength

And then OTP method config's own TotpMethodSettings supports:
- acceptableAdjacentIntervals
- protocol

Author: Updated otp and totp settings.

| `encoding` | String (Enum) | The shared secret encoding. Possible values: `Base32`, `Base64`, or `Hexadecimal`  | `totp` |
| `passCodeLength` | Integer | Number of digits in an OTP value  | `otp`, `totp` |

> | `acceptableAdjacentIntervals` | Integer | Also known as the clock drift interval, this setting allows you to build in tolerance for any time difference between the token and the server. Number of acceptable adjacent intervals. For example, with a `timeIntervalInSeconds` of 60 seconds and an `acceptableAdjacentIntervals` value of 5, the result of 60 X 5 is 300, which means that Okta accepts passcodes within 300 seconds before or after the end user enters their code. Possible values: 0&ndash;10 | `otp` |

Reviewer 2: nit: Could maybe move the "Number of acceptable adjacent intervals." bit to be first?

i.e. Number of acceptable adjacent intervals, also known as the clock drift interval.  This setting allows you to build in tolerance for any time difference between the token and the server.  For example, with a `timeIntervalInSeconds` of 60 seconds and an `acceptableAdjacentIntervals` value of 5, the result of 60 X 5 is 300, which means that Okta accepts passcodes within 300 seconds before or after the end user enters their code. 

Might make more sense to keep it as-is if we're trying to be consistent with else where though.

Author: Opps, I forgot to remove the "Number of acceptable adjacent intervals. " sentence in the rewrite (which was just from the property name). Your suggestion sounds good. I'll use it 👍

> | `acceptableAdjacentIntervals` | Integer | Also known as the clock drift interval, this setting allows you to build in tolerance for any time difference between the token and the server. Number of acceptable adjacent intervals. For example, with a `timeIntervalInSeconds` of 60 seconds and an `acceptableAdjacentIntervals` value of 5, the result of 60 X 5 is 300, which means that Okta will accept passcodes within 300 seconds before or after the end user enters their code. Possible values: 0&ndash;10 | `otp` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `acceptableAdjacentIntervals` | Integer | Also known as the clock drift interval, this setting allows you to build in tolerance for any time difference between the token and the server. Number of acceptable adjacent intervals. For example, with a `timeIntervalInSeconds` of 60 seconds and an `acceptableAdjacentIntervals` value of 5, the result of 60 X 5 is 300, which means that Okta accepts passcodes within 300 seconds before or after the end user enters their code. Possible values: 0&ndash;10 | `otp` |
```

> | `showSignInWithOV` | String (Enum) | Controls whether to show the **Sign in with Okta Verify** button on the Sign-in Widget for the `signed_nonce` method. Possible Values: `ALWAYS` or `NEVER`  | `signed_nonce` |

Reviewer: MUCH BETTER haha
```suggestion
| `showSignInWithOV` | String (Enum) | Controls whether to show the **Sign in with Okta Verify** button on the Sign-In Widget for the `signed_nonce` method. Possible Values: `ALWAYS` or `NEVER`  | `signed_nonce` |
```

        }
    }
}
```

### Authenticator Method object

#### Authenticator Method properties

| Property | Type | Description  | Applies to Authenticator Method type |
| -------- | ---- | ------------ | ------------------------------------ |

> | `status` | String (Enum) | The status of the authenticator method. Possible values: `ACTIVE` or `INACTIVE` | All |

Reviewer 4: Maybe chance the "All" to "All Authenticators" or "All Methods" to match the Authenticator properties table.

Author: Replaced "All" with "All Authenticator Methods". Thanks for the suggestion.

| `_links` | [JSON HAL](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-kelly-json-hal-06) | Link relations for this Authenticator Method object  |  All |
| `settings` | [Authenticator Method Settings object](#authenticator-method-settings-object) | Specific settings for the authenticator method  | `otp`, `push`, `signed_nonce`, `totp`, `webauthn` |
| `verifiableProperties` | Array of strings (Enums) | Verifiable properties. Possible values: `DEVICE_BOUND`, `HARDWARE_PROTECTED`, `PHISHING_RESISTANT`, `USER_PRESENCE`, or `USER_VERIFYING`  | `cert`, `duo`, `idp` |

### Authenticator Method Settings object

#### Authenticator Method Settings properties

| Property | Type | Description  | Applies to Authenticator Method type |
| -------- | ---- | ------------ | ------------------------------------ |
| `algorithms` | String (Enum) | Algorithms supported. Possible values: `RS256`, `ES256`, `HMACSHA1`, `HMACSHA256`, or `HMACSHA512` | `otp`, `totp`, `push`, `signed_nonce` |
| `attachment` | String (Enum) | Method attachment. Possible values: `ANY`, `BUILT_IN`, or `ROAMING`  | `webauthn` |

> | `kepProtection` | String (Enum) | Key protection. Supported values: `ANY` or `HARDWARE`  | `totp`, `push`, `signed_nonce`

Reviewer 5: `kepProtection` -> `keyProtection`

Author: ```suggestion
| `keyProtection` | String (Enum) | Key protection. Supported values: `ANY` or `HARDWARE`  | `totp`, `push`, `signed_nonce`
```

| `protocol` | String (Enum) | The protocol used. Possible values: `SYMANTEC`,`TOTP`, or `YUBICO` | `otp` |
| `timeIntervalInSeconds` | Integer | Time interval for TOTP in seconds | `totp` |
| `encoding` | String (Enum) | Encoding of OTP value. Possible values: `Base32`, `Base64`, or `Hexadecimal`  | `totp` |
| `passCodeLength` | Integer | Number of digits in an OTP value  | `otp`, `totp` |
| `acceptableAdjacentIntervals` | Integer | Number of acceptable adjacent intervals. Possible values: 0&ndash;10 | `otp` |

> | `showSignInWithOV` | String (Enum) | Shows sign-in with Okta Verify. Possible Values: `ALWAYS` or `NEVER`  | `signed_nonce` |

Reviewer: I'm not sure what you mean by "Shows sign-in with Okta Verify." So, I don't know how to edit the fact that sign-in is hyphenated and yet has no noun associated with it.....Can I get a little more context on this one? :)

Author: I updated descriptions for acceptableAdjacentIntervals, showSignInWithOV, keyProtection, encoding. Hopefully, this will add more context. @susanharper-okta please review again 🙏

| `userVerification` | String (Enum) | User verification setting. Possible values: `DISCOURAGED`, `PREFERRED`, or `REQUIRED` | `webauthn` |

#### Authenticator Method examples

> ##### App Authenticator Methods example

Author: ```suggestion
##### okta_verify Authenticator Methods example
```

    },
    "_links": {
      "self": {
        "href": "https://{yourDomain}/api/v1/authenticators/{authenticatorId}/methods/push",
        "hints": {
          "allow": [
            "GET",
            "PUT"
          ]
        }
      },
      "deactivate": {
        "href": "https://{yourDomain}/api/v1/authenticators/{authenticatorId}/methods/push/lifecycle/deactivate",
        "hints": {
          "allow": [
            "POST"
          ]
        }
      }
    }
  },
  {
    "type": "signed_nonce",
    "status": "ACTIVE",
    "settings": {
      "algorithms": [
        "ES256",
        "RS256"
      ],
      "keyProtection": "ANY",
      "showSignInWithOV": "ALWAYS"
    },
    "_links": {
      "self": {
        "href": "https://{yourDomain}/api/v1/authenticators/{authenticatorId}/methods/signed_nonce",
        "hints": {
          "allow": [
            "GET",
            "PUT"
          ]
        }
      },
      "deactivate": {
        "href": "https://{yourDomain}/api/v1/authenticators/{authenticatorId}/methods/signed_nonce/lifecycle/deactivate",
        "hints": {
          "allow": [
            "POST"
          ]
        }
      }
    }
  }
]
```

> ##### Email Authenticator Methods example

Author: ```suggestion
##### okta_email Authenticator Methods example
```
